enh(release): Add Centreon Web 21.04.5 RN (#981)
centreon/centreon-documentation: fr/releases/centreon-core.md

## Centreon Web

### 21.04.5

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

`14 septembre 2021`

```

> #### Enhancements

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Améliorations
```

- [Resources Status] Add link to performance page in detail panel

> #### Bugfixes

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Correctifs
```

- [ACL] Fixed missing ACL actions on CLAPI import
- [Configuration] Fixed ineffective massive change on 'Reach API configuration' option on remote server

> - [Platform Topology] Fixed an error that occurred when a FQDN was used as parent address

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Platform Topology] Fixed an error that occurred when an FQDN was used as parent address
```

> - [Platform Topology] Fixed using a FQDN for Parent address result as an error for topology

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- [Platform Topology] Fixed an error that occurred when a FQDN was used as parent address
```

- [UX] Fixed typo in UI

> #### Security fixes

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Correctifs de sécurité
```

- [Install] Rights applied to "centreon.conf.php" and "conf.pm"

> - [OpenId] Secret token are displayed as password type

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- [OpenId] Secret tokens obfuscation
```
